---
date: '2021-01-26T10:05:20.000Z'
title: Won a prize
tagline: A prize to support my talent
preview: >-
  During my time at high school, I was honored to be awarded the prestigious
  Waerdenborch TOP prize of 1500 euros, recognizing and supporting my
  exceptional talent. With this generous award, I made a conscious decision to
  invest in my passion for technology and programming.
image: >-
  https://images0.persgroep.net/rcs/wah31iGNmaIccrDV1xwXLuA5dl0/diocontent/181488602/_fitwidth/694/?appId=21791a8992982cd8da851550a453bd7f&quality=0.8
---
During my time at high school, I was honored to be awarded the prestigious Waerdenborch TOP prize of 1500 euros, recognizing and supporting my exceptional talent. With this generous award, I made a conscious decision to invest in my passion for technology and programming. I wisely utilized the funds to enroll in enriching courses focused on Machine Learning and React, which have significantly enhanced my skillset. Additionally, I made a crucial investment in a new MacBook, a valuable tool that has streamlined and optimized my workflow, enabling me to pursue my dreams with greater efficiency and creativity.

When I was 10 years old, I embarked on an exciting journey of website development, driven by an innate curiosity and fascination for technology. As my experience grew and determination soared, I saved up diligently to fulfill my ultimate dream as an Apple fan: creating innovative iOS apps. With the acquisition of a MacBook, a pivotal milestone was achieved, granting me the means to explore the captivating world of app development. This personal and professional growth has inspired me to continuously strive for excellence in the realm of technology, with the aspiration of positively impacting the lives of countless users through my creations.

Read the full article: https://www.tubantia.nl/hellendoorn/deze-scholier-uit-hellendoorn-bouwt-dag-en-nacht-apps-voor-apple~a3ca6147/
